For a beautiful uptown Burbank, Harmontown is now in session.
Spencer Crittenden then.
He's a man with a plaid pillow because he probably has hemorrhoids at the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you for coming out. Happy summer. Happy Burbank to you.
Do you need a better chair? We could get you a chair.
Eventually, sure. Let's put that on a vision board.
Are you getting sore buns over there on your plastic chair?
I have in the past. I figured it out. You know, these plaid pillows, we got them from Harmon Quest Season 2 tapings.
They were bought as mostly, I think, a joke by the people who furnished the green rooms.
And then they just gave them to me afterwards because they only bought them as a joke.
So you're mad that they came out of the budget for your show?
Yeah, it's really wasteful in my opinion. No, no, it was great, but it's just great that I really can use it.
Because it's like, you know, and then I was like, great, now I have these pillows. I don't really have anywhere to put them.
Why not put them on my ass?
In the 80s, especially in animation, there was a heavy tradition of characters that could turn into other things.
And then they would keep their motif if they turned into something like plastic man could turn into anything,
but he always had this belt and a little outfit that would be stretched around the middle of the car.
And there was Rubik the Amazing Cube who could turn into things, but he always had this weird blue decaying ET head.
Because someone said, well, it's just a Rubik's Cube. We have to make it adorable.
And they put this fucking weird ET head on it, like mistaking just any alien head for a cube.
And it was really disturbing and not at all Rubik-oriented.
Really drifted from Rubik's original vision.
People only know him for his cube, but he saw a world of order.
He never intended people to mess those things up. He was racist.
Rubik's Cube was all white.
But he married a wonderful Latina lady, and as a result he became a little less racist
and that he was like, let's make this cube six different colors, but still so into the separation of them.
He credited himself with being more open-minded.
The goal is to separate all the races.
And that was the slogan at the end of the commercials. He would pop up at the bottom of the screen and go,
don't forget to separate all the races.
It's a separate but equal exclamation point on the box.
He just thought he wasn't racist because that's what white people are good at.
They're good at fooling themselves into thinking that all kinds of racism is not racist.
It's in our blood. We were good at it.
That's also Harmontown's motto, I think.
Separate those races.
The point that you were going at is that Spencer brings on a plaid pillow.
That's what he turns into.
If Spencer turned into a pillow, that's what it would look like.
It would be this plaid pillow and have glasses and a beard on it.
That would be so good.
It would be great if we were like the super friends and we were just hanging out and turning into pillows and stuff.
Oh, it would be like Steven Universe.
Dan, you would turn into an Adderall.
I didn't know this bit was an opportunity to take shots at each other.
You would turn into an old-timey typewriter, I think.
You'd be like a little typewriter on wheels.
We're talking about characters that can turn into anything.
That's why they have to retain those physical characteristics.
The super friends is another one.
They would say Wonder Twin powers activate and then one of them could turn into any animal
and one of them could turn into any kind of thing that involved water, which included ice.
And a bucket to hold the water.
Wait, I can turn into other things besides water.
At one point he turned into an ice giant and it was like, all right, wait a minute.
I was like, why don't you turn into Ice Superman?
I can't remember if he did that or if that was in my just bitchings about it.
Ice giant? What does he have? Ice arteries and ice heart?
Ice is just anything, then fuck you.
I think he was like a form of a nice helicopter.
It's silly.
There's moving parts. Just stop it.
Where is the verisimilitude, Wonder Twins?
That's my question.
I know we've talked about this before, because whenever Super Friends comes up,
the thing that I think is so funny is that there was obviously a push for diversity,
70s style from that cartoon, and they added this guy who I can't remember the superhero's name.
Is it El Diablo or El Dorado?
He was a Latino gentleman, but I never saw him in the cartoon.
They just had him in the title sequence to just like, maybe there was like protests happening outside of the Super Friends building
where they draw the cartoon and they're just like, shut up.
His name is El Dorado.
Caesar Chavez is holding great protest right now on the streets.
We've got to get some Mexicans on this.
In the title sequence, El Dorado has a medallion, and he's like a handsome kind of darkly-complected man,
and he just has this red cape, and he just whips it over his face and disappears.
You never see him in the show.
That was the diversity push.
He's invisible, but he's always there.
He supports the Super Friends community with his, he works for Lassim.
There was that time when the Wondertons were walking down a beach and there was six set of footprints.
That's how you know when your unfairly paid labor force was carrying you.
All the while sending money home, and boy.
I'm just saying, I'm a Californian. I know better than the rest of the country this concept
that my heart bleeds for our wonderful friends from down south.
It must be a terrifying time for them. What a great show.
We're experiencing that thing right now. They're fucking with journalists,
and of course they started with immigrants.
I know it's cliche, but it's like, come on, you're next.
It doesn't matter how white you are, it doesn't matter, you're next, you're next.
You're either going to put on the jumpsuit and get into the honeycomb in the Mars base,
or you're going to be, I mean, there's not, I don't know what people keep thinking.
They keep thinking, oh, if we just are polite enough, if we just adhere to our own rules
of what makes good people enough, this is going to blow over.
I don't know, man. It's like, it's hard to say these words,
but it's just not going to stop until, and then you have to stop talking
because then you're, what are you encouraging? I don't know.
We all have to just sit cross-legged in the street and just eat Twinkies
until the world stops turning or something.
I don't know, they can't put all of us in prison. I don't know what to do.
I put the guest here and there that they could come in and maybe they could give us some guidance and stuff,
but you know, that one guy, whoever you are, I don't know where you tweeted or whatever,
oh, I wish I missed the days when the show could go for an hour without talking about Trump.
Well, why don't you suck my dick?
Again, it's like, what, and then the people on the Instagram,
like, I have my iPad, I play with my photo app.
He's the most famous guy in the world. He's on everyone's mind.
I'm going to fuck with his face and put it on a hot dog or something.
It's not a fucking meme. I just think these 15-year-olds going like,
dude, your meme game is weak. You're the losing side of a meme war.
Motherfucker, it's called photography.
So what are these people that just came into our world like larva
and they just like think that every, they're just like these horrible animal people,
terrible, just dumb people, just awful people with brains the size of capers.
They're just like, just bad, bad people and you can't humanize them anymore.
And I know you're not supposed to side with the split.
You're supposed to like, we're supposed to be the good guys.
We're supposed to believe, but it's just, no, you're a fucking dumbass.
You're a terrible, and you make up apparently at least enough of the country,
just barely enough of the country that, yeah, now this is all with your liberal tier mugs
and I just like, go fuck yourself.
And I was going to buy a Tesla. I was this close to retirement.
I was in the zone. I was fucking sliding through, man.
And they pulled you back in.
It's just that, you know, everything's going to pay less.
You know, I'm going to get blacklisted.
You know, I'm like four years and people are going to be like having hearings
or like, Mr. Harmon, do you ever consult with Mexicans?
You know, I'm like, yeah, yeah, I probably do. I have that honor.
I have that honor and they'll drag me away.
I love my housekeeper. I love my housekeeper.
I give her children my clothes.
Isn't she El Salvador?
We invited her to my wedding.
She looked at me weird when I did, but I did.
You invited her to the wedding?
Erin did.
I can't talk to her. I can't talk to her.
Dan can't talk to her, which is great because I could talk to her.
She's fine.
Yeah, she's the best.
We have the same housekeeper, Sophia, and she's the fucking, she's my diver.
She fixes everything.
Yeah, she's great.
She's really good.
I just, I can't, I can't, I get scared talking to her.
It's not easy to talk to her, but it is quite possible.
I told you what, because Dan, I mean, she speaks, she speaks very good English,
but it's obviously not her first language.
But she's a super badass hardworking.
I told you the time about Harvey when she came over and talked about Harvey,
when she first started working for you.
Oh, yeah.
She's on the trash, yeah.
I, so look, I can't talk, people who talk quietly, people who, like,
I am the guy who in every conversation is always going,
What?
And, like, the fifth time you say what, you feel like a dick.
Like, so, then I just, like, and I'm just, like, really riddled with social anxiety.
Like, I've made up my mind at some point, I guess, and go ahead and laugh it up when
I say this, that I could get through this life without offending anyone.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
And it's like, you're Dan Harmon, you're like a pariah, you only offend people.
But that's not, I'm not trying, that's the difference.
Like, I'm not trying not to.
And then I'm like, I just put my foot in my mouth or whatever.
And I was like, I just, I just, I'm just riddled, I'm riddled with social anxiety.
I just don't want to be the bad guy.
I don't want to say no to people.
I don't want to, you know, that's why after the show, I just run out and I get,
I get into a jet ski and I just, I just, and then I'm like, there's no water, there's no water!
Because I don't want to, I don't want to, because I don't want to tell the third person
that wants to get a photo after the show, after a talk for two hours, I don't want,
what do you say no?
What do you say no to somebody?
That's crazy.
You don't say no.
So instead I did this rude behavior where I just fucking, I just throw down ninja balls
and ninja testicles are, when they hit the floor, they emit a sound.
It's the, it's the, it's the sound of the, of the ninja's heart dying.
And it's so spiritually distracting that you don't notice someone running away.
In the movies, they characterize it as smoke.
But now people know if they want to get, get to you after the show,
or just hang out by the jet ski that's out front.
Yeah, well I always put it in a different place.
And don't try listening for the engine, because it's solar powered.
It's a Tesla jet ski.
It's a Tetski.
You saw Mr. Musk tweeting about it.
They're here just for a select few.
I'm part of a weight glove program.
I'm checking it out.
It's a Tetski.
So you've decided against getting the Tesla now?
Yeah, I just got a Tetski.
You got a Tetski.
No, I can't, oh look, I got my money.
I'm not, I'm not a liquid man.
Okay.
Unlike one of the Wonder Twins.
Right.
Like, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I definitely, you know, money comes into the Harmon Empire.
And I definitely like, I put it back out into the fields, you know, like I plant more seeds.
I go like, oh, let's, let's meet with these people.
And let's, let's do this out of pocket.
Let's, let's start this or that.
I don't know.
It's just kind of like, but moreover, it's not about me being philanthropical.
It's about me like, instead of taking jobs that pay, I kind of tell, well, why don't I do this project that's kind of will pay off later.
So I am kind of largely what you, a rich person would call broke.
I don't really look at the actual bank statements, but I just, you can see Levy's, like the blood leaves his face.
He's like a thermometer.
Like, like, like he looks at it.
And then I'm like, how are you doing?
What's going on?
Pretty good.
Sounds like, sounds like I'm down to 40 grand, better, better get that, better turn in one of these treatments.
I learned how to write this weekend.
Fucking finally.
That's good news.
I mean, I really, I was like, because I, you go into therapy and, and, and, and, you know, I, look, I, I've said in the past have been like, can you please help me?
I don't know why I sometimes write very slowly.
And, and, and, you know, it was like, well, like, like for a while.
I was like, you know, just breathe.
And I was like, okay, I'm breathing.
And then, and then like, just like, I'll take you through a meditation and just, you know, is God a part of your writing?
And I'm like, I'm like, yeah, I mean, he is, but, or she, but it's like, like, like, well, and, and she's like, well, just say to God, like, you take care of the quality.
I'll take care of the quantity.
And I was like, oh, okay, that's good.
And then, and then I was like, yeah, take care of the quality.
I'll take care of the kind.
And I was like, well, that's just, you're just saying what everyone keeps saying to me, which is right faster.
You just threw God under the bus and just like, so then I didn't bring it up for a couple of weeks, but then I went in because I was like really jammed up on this treatment.
And I was just like, it was just torture.
It was like, I have these like modes of operation where you've seen if you've, if you're a fan of mine that you, you know, I can like, I could like, you know, I'll do a thing where I'm like, oh, I'm upside down in a tank and I'm typing a screenplay.
Well, there's snakes on me.
And then it's like, oh, look how fast and that's pretty good for snake typing.
And then also I'll collaborate with other people.
That was the thing is as a community, I had to learn to collaborate with writers and then I had to let go of this terror I had of letting people see my process.
And so I was explaining that to her and she said, well, are you one of these people that goes to a cafe?
Because you, you know, you want to be seen writing or something?
I said, you mean a hack?
No, I'm not.
She's like, well, I don't know if those people are hacks or not.
But I was like, well, I mean, they're not, they can't be good.
I like, and she's like, well, I think some people want to be seen writing.
It like makes them feel like they got to keep writing or something.
I'm like, okay, all right, they're not, they're the good people.
But no, that's not me.
I've never done that, which is interesting data.
Like, and it's like, I wouldn't type next to Cody if I was on an airplane.
Like, because she wouldn't be part of the process.
So, but I work good with collaborators and Mr. Nimoy.
And, and, and I, and I, and I, and I can do it as performance.
And then I was like, oh, okay, so there's something going on here.
But I use, and so she's like, so who are the people, what are the people providing?
I'm like, well, you know, they let me off the hook because they're kind of like, you know, they're, they're, they're okay with whatever's going on.
And she's like, you're, you see, you're performing.
You can, like, everyone's looking up your skirt and they're saying, like, I like that.
And I was like, okay, yeah.
And she's like, and so when, and so it's these times when you say, okay, I'll go do that alone.
And then I'll bring my work back that it's like, I was like, yeah, I guess it's like saying, okay, let me go away for three hours.
And I'm going to really do something great under my skirt and then come back and lift it up.
And, and that, and that, yeah, enough that it's like, what are you supposed to do?
And she's like, yeah, see so, see so.
The, the, I mean, I know you guys are going to go like, oh, that doesn't help me write it all.
Well, fuck you. It's my $200.
I'm just telling you what I learned.
She says, she goes, well, you know, you know, tell, tell me like a, like a, like a, like a memory of you writing.
And I've told you guys the story.
Brother got caught playing with matches and I was with him and, and then wait till your dad gets home.
And then my, my, my mom said, well, your dad's coming home.
Why don't you write one of those stories you write about a boy that gets caught playing with matches and lives to regret it.
And I was like, okay, good. And then I wrote the story and then I got meta.
And I was like, at the end of the story of the little boy, like, write such a good story that the mom's like, oh, your dad doesn't have to spank you now.
And that was the story. And I gave it to my mom and she was like, this is amazing. I don't buy the ending.
And I was like, I think that's kind of like, you know, I've mythologized that story, but I do also think that that is truly, she's like, yeah, when you're working and you,
and she said, so tell me about God and your work. And I said, I said, well, okay, this is going to be hard to, to explain.
But it's like, you get like, there, yeah, there's a God, whatever you want to call that, it's nothingness, it's the cosmos, it's life itself, whatever.
It's the Dow, it's, it's ISIS. That's what ISIS worship, right? ISIS.
That's why they're called ISIS. They worship the Greek goddess, ISIS.
Form of an ISIS. That'd be amazing.
It's like, you could see how there would be, you know, there would be friction there with the rest of Islam. It's like, ISIS, what?
Isn't that like a cat lady? All right.
What are you, are you cat burglars? Is that, no, we hurt people real bad.
Okay, well, and it's not funny, I guess. Well, Dan Harmon's next job is going to make it real funny.
Am I going to take advice on ISIS, what was show to go to?
Well, I love, love Dan Harmon's show, that's all I'm saying.
Get out of here, ISIS.
Everyone's a, everyone's a theater recommender.
Patron.
So you're talking about God.
So I said, what has been my standard answer, which is you have to, you have to, you know, you have to be there. You have to put a hole in your chest.
And like God comes through and because God can't write, he's like, you know.
He can write on stone with lightning.
Well, I mean, you gotta like bring him the stone or something.
Did that happen in the Bible?
But he can't like write an episode of Nash Bridges. He can't, I mean, it would take forever.
Like, on the first day, Nash Bridges is making an omelet.
And the fireballs are hitting the tablets.
And he's like, I got to start a new tablet. I'm not even done with the master shot.
The doorbell rings.
God, the PAs are getting tired of walking up and down the mountain with your tablets.
Can we streamline this process?
You go tell them, do you want a bad show or a good one?
And then God finally like, this is like, we're rolling in an hour and God goes down the hill and like David Mills just lays on the set and shouts dialogue out while the actors perform.
Alright. So I said, you know, you put a hole in yourself so that God comes through.
You don't want to impede it.
And, you know, you want that hole as wide as possible.
And like, it's going to scrape the edges of your hole.
And that's your voice. That's your style, you know.
But like people mistake that for meaning like, oh, you got to make that whole cookie shaped, you know.
Like, I'm going to, oh, look at my indie movie.
You can tell I wrote the shit out of it.
And it's like, that's somebody that's like, their hole isn't circular.
It's not like pure, you know.
It's like, will you please let God just do his work here?
He's trying to write and he can't write because he has to use tablets otherwise.
That's not part of it.
So she said, so what I'm hearing is this process involves the removal of your heart
and that you can fuck up by being too there at the moment when God is there
and like you, to the extent that he's there, you have to not be there.
That's part of the process.
Okay, alright. A little gotcha therapy.
And she's like, so what do you think the other people are providing?
Like, do you really believe in God?
Do you think he created it?
I said, I don't know.
I believe that nothingness over infinity has 100% chance of deciding to explode into everything.
Makes sense.
I dropped out of college.
Makes sense to me.
I watched a Nova.
And so I think there's an impulse to all of existence that prefers existence over non-existence.
It has a tendency.
I don't think you can all the way call it consciousness and yet it's so vast and we're all a part of it.
Yeah, I think there's something ineffable that if you're on its side
or if it sees benefit in letting you do your thing, then you have better luck.
I guess you call that karma or something.
Or maybe just look at it like there's a balance to the universe.
So if you're out of the moment, you tend to have shitty days because you're trying too hard.
And then when you're in the moment, you have those days where you feel like you're in the zone.
And that's because if you surrender to nothingness, that's like Taoism.
You're jamming along and you're tooting your horn and you're blowing your friends and you're just having...
I was like, well, you can't blow a horn.
You already chewed at that.
I don't know what the...
What's the list of things people do?
So I'm letting you into my process.
And you're telling me with your laughter, you're saying, it doesn't matter.
You can fuck up and say, toot your horn, blow your friends.
We like that.
We like everything that you do because we know that it's happening in the moment.
We like when you widen your hole so much that we don't scrape its edges.
So she's like, well, don't you think that what it is...
Because I was like, well, there was a time before community when I didn't know how to collaborate.
And it was like, did you write then?
Were you productive then?
More so than after community.
And I think what it was is I kind of came up with this one.
I'm going to give myself credit.
I was like, oh.
So I think that what that means is that I lacked something that I gained from collaboration.
And I didn't want to go back to writing alone because it would be like going off of heroin,
back to just cold turkey.
But neither thing was actually what you're supposed to be doing.
You're supposed to somehow be generating this adoration.
You're supposed to love yourself and self-care.
You're supposed to atone with a God that actually is glad that you exist and is thankful that you are writing.
It doesn't care.
It doesn't think that there's any way for you to fuck up because good writer, bad writer, whatever.
It's like God's like Jeff Bridges in Starman.
He's just hanging out.
He's going like, whoa, like Nash Bridges?
That's brilliant.
It was the show, so weird that that's my go-to reference.
I think it's because at my WGA orientation, they went around the table and were like,
tell the story of how you got to the WGA.
And somebody was like, I wrote a Nash Bridges and I just always thought that was so funny.
Because they worked at Nash Bridges and then someone got sick.
And then they're like, I can write Nash Bridges.
And I was like, this story does not reflect well on Nash Bridges.
It was just like this person was like, I deliver pepper to the Nash Bridges office.
And then a wheel fell on someone from the salt truck.
And they said, hey, what would a detective do if he was in Texas?
I don't know where Nash Bridges is.
And I just drew on my pepper experience.
I was like, maybe he sneezes and I want an Emmy and here I am.
Now I have a dental plan and fuck the pepper industry.
They act like it's an honor to work for them.
I was like, Hollywood's fair.
So the bottom line is, you know, and you're like, oh, I'm a Dan Harmon fan.
I'm an atheist.
I hate God.
I hate the concept of God.
I get it.
You're smart.
I love you.
You're fine.
Because I'm God.
Because I believe in God.
Because how would you be this special if there was nothing out there?
Like, what do you think is coursing through me fucking magnets?
You think I was just born on a rock that had like a weird angle to it?
I've got God in me.
You don't believe in it because you're like, damn, then that means he hates me.
Well, be holy.
You're better than thou.
No, but look, I'm not.
Some people get so triggered by the fucking G word that they're like, oh, Dan's like,
look, I'm just saying, like, it's Tom Hanks' volleyball.
It's like, you need a mythology.
You're a primate.
You were born with equipment that spontaneously generates mythology.
It's like, why would you, I'm not saying why would you, it also generates like science.
And that's like very, we need way more atheists and skeptics.
And we need way more science right now than we need the other thing.
But I'm just saying you do have the software and hardware in your head that you actually
have to like suppress it.
Like, you tend to invent shit in your head when you're looking for a parking spot.
And you're like, oh man, I missed that spot because I shouldn't have been a dick to that
barista.
You just, you always do it.
And you watch stories in movies and TV that they're all like circling around this concept
that there's an order to the universe because you're a sentient monkey and it's really fucked
up.
We got mentally ill when we became conscious.
We were just animals and we were like running around and there are other animals were eating
us and we were eating them.
And it was like, this is great.
It's a game of monopoly.
Like, who cares?
It's fun.
It's not fun for us because we don't have claws and we're just like getting our ass
kicked because we're like, who came up with this idea of being a monkey that can't be
in a tree?
And then we just kind of exploded one day.
Who knows?
Maybe it's just your brain gets to a certain size.
Maybe if you eat enough muscles, I don't know, but get enough vitamin B or something.
And then we were like, whoa, I get it.
You're born.
And then you die.
And then we looked down at the gazelle brain we were eating and we're like, oh, God, Jesus
Christ.
Jesus Christ.
And then we calmed down enough to get through the day, but we're just like, you know, we're
like, oh.
See, that origin story of Jesus Christ is so much less complicated than virgin birth and
wise men.
People will tell you it has something to do with Jerusalem.
No, it goes back to 30,000 B.C. and no, I'm just saying like, it's hard.
When you watch an Eli Roth movie, the thing that you're getting high off of if you're
enjoying it or the thing that's freaking you out if you're not enjoying it is that it's
hitting your system as a toxicity because the signal you're getting is that nothing,
you know, you can't do anything to like make bad things not happen to good people.
You can't, you don't know when an eyeball is just going to fall out of a head or when
a weird Czechoslovakian company is going to print business cards that allows people
to be a secret Harry Potter society that blow torches people's faces.
There's got to be other stuff those people can do.
What are they?
The lady that just wants to lay in a bath and like use a scythe on a backpacker and
bathe in her blood.
Like, how many times has she done that?
What are you talking about?
I have no idea.
I fell off this train.
It's one of those hostile movies.
I don't know if it's hostile one or hostile two.
That was like doing mescalematic.
But yeah, I mean, there's a whole tub there she had built.
You know that.
I mean, it's like, that's pretty, how many women has she bathed in the blood of?
That's got to get, like change it up.
Does she think it makes her strong?
Is in that movie?
Is that way?
There's no magic in that movie.
If she could jump higher when she did it, then I'd be like, okay, well, that's what
happened.
Like, look how high she can jump.
She doesn't want to jump lower.
That's what happens.
She's dependent on the blood.
But I would assume that after a while she'd be like, you know, my sciatic nerve is still
acting up.
And no amount of this sticky gross blood that I bathe in is helping me not age.
I'm going to try just yogurt and sitting at home and save 500 grand.
Okay, so anyways, I'm just saying, I'm just saying life is like we are like God to us
like when he doesn't exist is like Eli Roth.
Like it's like, it's like, oh, we're in the hands of a maniac.
Like, a log could fall on my caveman friend and then it's like not his fault, it's not
my fault.
And it's like, oh man, I just fell in love.
Oh, now I feel a lump and like, like, oh, now it's like a tiger to eat my baby.
Like, like, like, like, you just, you just run it and also all the shitty things that
you do.
You're like, oh, I killed the tiger for killing my baby and now the tiger likes its heart
looks like my heart.
And like, I can't take it.
I can't take it.
There's no cocaine or invented yet.
I can't like deal with this.
I got to go.
I'm just running around my cave.
I'm going to freak out.
Freaking out.
And I need some coke to calm the calm down a little bit.
And so then some smarty pants caveman was like, you know, like, well, look, here's the thing.
I mean, look, you know, when that thunder happens, that's angels bowling.
And the guy's like, go on, go on.
Are you singing my tune?
That tiger killed your baby.
You got baby points.
You're going to get those back later when you become a tiger in the next life.
And the angels are going to bowl with me.
No, that's just an ancillary cosmology that sounds like the angels just bowl like they
don't even know what the fuck's going on.
Okay.
You just you're explaining thunder.
Yeah.
Don't let the thunder freak you out.
You focus on your tiger points.
Where do you redeem your tiger baby points in the afterlife or in this in this life?
You go to confession and you say, I bless you father caveman for I had I had bad I had
bad tigerless thoughts.
I have two tiger points and one baby point.
And then the father caveman says like, well, you might as well just say one tiger point
because a baby point is the opposite of a tiger point.
Okay.
I heard I've been told that but you're you're you're you're ruling class doesn't let us
learn math.
So, well, there's a reason for that.
We don't want everybody just starting a random religion about every animal they see.
You're going to keep this fucking shit under your cave hat.
I understand.
All right, well, I can't we haven't invented hinges or slides or knobs yet.
So we're just sitting in a rock.
It's not like we're in a booth.
So why are you telling me that?
I don't know.
I just I start to I guess I'm feeling like plagued with guilt being a caveman priest.
Like I don't I don't hunt.
I don't provide any food.
Why are you unloading who's confessing here?
Why are you laying this on me?
I don't even know math.
I'm a caveman.
See now I'm going to start a religion.
You protested piece of shit anyway, and that caveman name was Martin Luther's stone.
It's still a junior to you know, okay, senior Martin Luther's senior.
Remember the Flintstones trailer?
No, you don't.
You're 11.
There's a Flintstones trailer and then it was like I said Steven Spielrock presents
Spielrock.
Yeah.
It's a piss up a rope.
What are you doing?
Spielrock.
Yeah.
They didn't want to say Stoneburg to Jewish, I guess like I would say like it like it like
shines a light on the they're like are you making a no because there probably is an actual
director named Steven Stoneburg, right?
There's that yeah, you've got away with such hack shit back then the not the Flintstones
movie the Flint the show when every show that you see in reruns it was all like it was all
based on some like they took like a character who was like a comic back then it would be
they would just rip off their act and like draw make him an animal fucking like a bunch
of hacks.
Oh that Phil Silvers is really funny why don't we just make him a dolphin and I don't know
what I'm talking about Phil Silvers was on everything him and Don Adams were in every
cartoon in some form or other yeah they also you know those comics they got jobs and playing
those voices yeah yeah who played the great Gazoo is a little dumb dumb was it Harvey
Corman yeah yeah Harvey Cytel yeah after a after a while the Flintstones ran out of
gas a little bit I guess they I guess they didn't expect it to run as long as it did
because gas hadn't been invented because not enough dinosaurs had died to create gas
so they added a fucking alien that granted wishes yeah to just be alive back then like
I just just yeah I don't know but you know but none of us could have jobs you know it's
like it was it was less less television less power than consolidated I would have been just
like what would I what would I have been I would have been a I think I would have been
a welder because I lived I was born in Milwaukee I would have been a welder and I would make
like shitty sculpture in the backyard and people would be like what are you doing trying
to get out of Milwaukee leaving alone just welding a bicycle rim to a ashtray I'm welding
it I'm welding a sculpture to prove to my mom that I I've learned my lesson about playing
with matches right all right so so I said I says to the therapist I says that's how
it works and she says well just be there and let the God hit you in the back and go into
your body and then you'd be like whoo it's fun to write if you if you suck or you're
slow I was like you're right so I can I don't write now the long and winding road Spencer
what's going on in politics oh let me tell you Spencer politics corner all right you
guys hear about this tower fire in London town yeah it was a while ago that happened
oh boy it was a real mess health and safety is a big part of governmental responsibility
towards society and they really did not hold up their end of the bargain and you see the
results of that and it was very tragic and man it makes you wonder what it what you think
when people aren't valuing the safety of the American people so flaw capitalism that was
the end of Spencer's politics I really deliver capitalism needs to be it's a great system
it's worked very well it needs to be augmented as in all of your pocket apps with a additional
mana currency right something about the app store not just something you can generate internally
because then you can cheat at the game you don't have to pay anything right I recommend
flogging I think we should flog ourselves you know you can you you can I don't know in
a way those crystals those that that alternate currency is political influence isn't it yeah
yeah high right now man what you hi no way man before a show no that's not professional
I thought I thought I would get a laugh if I asked so it's like no I mean I'm chasing
the dragon called laughs it's too real is there an episode Spencer you could think back to
or point back to you what you think we use the highest you've ever been oh yeah I would
easily say 224 enter the dragon for real are you joking February 24th no 224 enter the
dragon okay yeah Ang Bak was there who was Ang Bak he wasn't in enter the dragon but he
was a hero from martial arts films I think this fuckers hi why are you trying to ask
me to remember an episode in which I was high yeah this flaw logic there I guess yeah and
I feel like on that count I delivered reasonably well I'm not it's fine you guys are fine yeah
you're more than living up to your side of the bargain audience the drunkest show had
to be Nashville maybe for you oh yeah yeah and then for me probably San Francisco towards
the end of that tour I don't remember being in San Francisco for that show yeah I was
just tits up during that one yeah therapist gets in on me you know she's trying she's
trying to she brings up the drinking like like you know like she knows she can tell she does
by the way I told you this didn't I like she keeps she she she uses family guy as a as
a reference yeah deal breaker the second time she did it I said she's like it's like with
Peter you know the episode where he's got the thing I said therapist if you if you use
the family guy as common ground to Tonka me about our feelings I'm gonna need a second
therapist like and as I have a cartoon you could watch and and she said I saw I saw an
episode of it somebody was puking everywhere what are you my mother but she knows she knows
she knows the minute that I would come in and she'd be like well how's your date by
the way first thing I gotta say I spent the weekend watching Rick and Morty that show
is amazing it'd be like three weeks later I'd be like gone it's like there is something
sick about I think she knows that she sees a lot of writers and people working TV and
stuff so I think she knows I don't know if she I don't I don't think she's lying when
she says she's only seen one episode I think she's just like I'm not gonna want I'm not
gonna become a fan of this windbag you know because he all is because his whole all his
problems stem from his ability to like manipulate and control that's all that's a total sacrificing
of the status that she needs to have in that room needs to yeah she needs to be formidable
for me to listen to her about I tried to watch family guy three times because people kept
telling me how good it is that's show sucks it's not funny it's not you can see every
joke coming a mile away it's so I've never seen a frame of it so I'm out of this conversation
frame I don't I don't want any feuds it's the Toby Keith's of animation I'm just all
I'll say is I've heard about the show I know if I have lots of people that worked on it
and I know that that your objection to Rick and Morty can't be a guy was puking I've
heard that people I've got people fuck horses on that show and stuff yeah people even puke
on that show Rob Schrab's been sending me those little voice messages you could do an
I messages and their impressions of Peter Griffin they're like hey Spencer it's me
and it's just like he's just say I hope you have a good morning can you play one on your
phone do you have any handy let me see yeah stretch stretch that's a whole show what is
it I really need you to cover for me I was listening to Daft Punk today well I was writing
with Mike McMahon who is that we were working on this treatment that we've been spending
all this time on it Daft Punk was on he likes Daft Punk I don't know anything about Daft
Punk and it was and it was an album like they just I don't know how recent it is but they
did an album that was kind of like a fan them making music with fans or something like that
so there's like and there's an interview on the album with like a guy who invented the
drum machine or the metronome or something like that there's a guy there's a guy talking
and I there was that but that's not how this conversation happened there was a there was
a song where someone was like singing in robot voice they were going like everybody that's
not a robot you can't do an impression of robot that was Michael McDonald from the
previous yeah I thought I could just do an impression of yeah I but but you know that
robot voice like not share auto-tune voice but just like take me to Funky Town robot voice
like like size old-school Cylons kids I will make you 40 before I'm 50 and then I'm gonna
retire and you're gonna take over and I'm gonna be I'm gonna be fucking I'm gonna be
in the Caimans just counting my Michael Jackson chimp movie money hundred dollars from Netflix
I really got a iron grip on this industry I'm sure they pay very fairly I haven't closed
my deal I spent so do you have it I think you let's try to finish my story cuz I'll
never all right well I'm gonna lose it though I'm story let's put an air quotes it's more
of a slice of life can you catch me up yeah yeah I was listening to Daft Punk and there
was a robot voice all right not being that familiar with Daft Punk I was like is that
is that is the person singing in the robot filter is that the is that the Daft Punk
man is he like is is is there like a lead singer and does he does he do a lot of robot
singing and and and Mike said no no it's like a guest guest vocalist like they're you know
largely a instrumental group and but and they're French so I don't think they would want to
sing because then they it would just sound weird cuz they'd be like you must listen to
the robots and I thought that was really funny you must listen to the robots as I wrote it
down and fuck you I knew it wasn't gonna lay I knew I was like I wanted to share it like
that I didn't expect you to laugh it's a little laugh it's a little glimpse into your day it's
a nice moment we had there was there's you need to listen to the robots it's funny you
know you don't think about how that how antithetical French stuff is to robot stuff it's not like
something you think about but then you go like yeah you know that's not near each other
on the color wheel no good reason it's just kind of funny the idea of a French robot or
a French French robotics I'm sure they're very capable as you see that thing of course
you said I think about the one of the Afghani girl robotics team that couldn't get in the
country yeah bullshit I mean could you could you feel like somebody go down there with
a briefcase and be like oops like like you pass like they're not even concerned about
the PR thing then be concerned you just turned away the what a bunch of people that were
like oh I know why I'm not you know gonna cause any trouble it's because I fucking I
don't want to be in the world of technology and all this shit literally no back to back
to Afghanistan with you but but but one thing has changed about you on this trip you now
hate America so do what you will with your robotics skills which are now part of a rogue
state and if your angle is that that we don't want Afghani robot robot ladies here because
they're against the American way we are a nazi put us on the moon like I don't understand
what is what is what is what is the mentality I don't understand what are you what do you
think what we got a new remix coming next week do we have the guy's remix I think it
was a guy the person that made the sound cloud thing yeah can we have a member and a few
heard last week with Dan what did a little a little daft punk stutter and you play you
played that already played that already we played it wasn't me I walked on stage not
knowing that was it so we've already heard it yeah I don't know if the pod let's play
it I want to hear it all right I'll tell you look I'll take I'll take the time off I'll
listen to listen to the show it's kind of long though isn't it we'll hear a bit of it
in the mall you know we've had enough we'll we'll cut it I'm just saying look I've said
it before and I know I know everybody that understands this I don't need to say it to
him and so who am I talking to there's some racist listening who's like oh that's what
I needed to hear but let me just try let me just try racist who's listening racist harm
in town fan okay white racist Harmontown fan like you like like like okay so right
now you are proud of your race right I'm hearing you say yes the reason you're proud of your
race is because it's better than other races right okay great who cares why I don't know
I can't I can't follow this why don't you care you're an idiot you are you know you're
dumb don't you like do you think you're gonna have a job in the white racist empire they're
gonna they're gonna outsource like they're not gonna be like oh every goober gets a
fucking secretary of defense position it's like what you're not special the reason you're
proud of your race is because it's the only thing republicans couldn't take from you before
you were born it's you're you're proud of the only thing that they can't be stripped
off of your body and and put in the mail to the government like just realize that what
you think is being proud of your race is you actually being proud of being poor and proud
of being a working class person and then look around you and understand that you're wrong
about everything you're wrong about everything it only takes five seconds to be to for that
to hurt it's just gonna hurt for five seconds no one's gonna crawl in jeepers creepers isn't
gonna come take your eyes because you're wrong about everything it's just it's just it's just
nobody's nobody wants your pants you don't even have any you don't have anything that's
why you're mad and you're not gonna get a jet ski or a tetski but just be that's not
how these people work and you can Google it you can look back they don't help the working
man they don't do it they don't turn around and go thank you so much thank you for helping
us you were pretty racist that's how we got to the top stay racist here's your money here's
your money they never do that last part they never make it rain on racists they just like
fucking they go secretly have sex with exotic women and some dungeon somewhere and while
they spend all of your labor doing wars that won't work because all they really want is
to justify their own emergency like they just gonna they like like like Donald Trump knows
that everywhere he goes things start falling apart and he knows when things start falling
apart you have to you start making rules go out the window so he's like and he doesn't
understand rules so he's just gonna stand in the middle of America and go like here
I am and he's just like way he can hear it buckling he loves it and we keep going you're
making it buckle and he's like nah he knows he is he loves it he's never gonna be shamed
into submission someone go arrest him all right go go arrest him or don't I'm 44 I live
on a big hill in a blue state I got a gun and a bunch of water I don't I'm not telling
this to you racist person to like help me you're gonna you're gonna wash my car no matter
what you're a you're a racist okay that's like a weird turn I that went when I get
a test you lost a little high ground on that one yeah I'm saying like like like like look
I could put on a red cap and just vanish into the woodwork and be like yay Nazis I love
it like I'm not doing it cuz I'm cool like Alec Baldwin no I'm not doing it the reason
I'm not doing it is because I know I got a big mouth and I'm gonna be dead but I'll just
say this and then the racist can stop listening I got a gun like stop saying shit in my Instagram
and like it's zero some like you're not gonna make me change it like you gotta come get
me and I got a gun like like just you know maybe maybe don't maybe don't put that hook
in the water and how much how much water did you say you have and you and it's just the
one gun right but I've been watching I think I'm gonna be okay in a racist siege of my
home cuz I I I've been watching like these Jan Michael Vincent movies like defiance you
just put nails and boards underneath all the windows and then when they come in they're
like ow it's kind of like home alone it's the original defiance is the original home
alone it's like give us a bit of that remix back takes a while to get going we're getting
down there here it is because we made that Zach
was fine I'll tweet it out I think or ash or something by the way that's what the Russia
thing is are we not nobody's talking about that isn't the Russia thing it's like a what
it's like a white country right that's like the unspoken thing like that's why everyone's
like who cares if they're the people on the bad unspoken it's like a Eurasian identity
thing the Russians are the true Eurasians yeah there's that stuff's out there yeah like
that's yeah it's like it's like oh yeah I mean it's like man all right let's just do
it let's dance yeah white people can't dance civil war with drones toys are us drones there's
gonna be like fucking hand grenades falling off under your roof somebody's drone and you're
gonna be like that sounds like a that sounds like a Rick and Morty drone from top topic
that's got a range of 30 meters split up and cover the area people are gonna be brothers
killing brothers for what for some memes for some dank memes I hope they were real dank
how dank do you think your memes currently are they're not memes and I'm a hobbyist photo
editor I bought an iPad 10.5 inch pro with pro motion technology embedded in the glass
that has a variable refresh rate variable it's not like random like what are you caught
not the other word for variable that means like adjustable well it you know selective
I think it's might be selective variable systematic system that was that was a that was way too
much confidence for that guess it wasn't it wasn't a bad guess but it was that was so
confident for just like really it's just like a thing system applesauce it was an okay guess
you should have said at this lab systematic and you should have you should have you should
have a handle on the on like systematic I don't know that was it was worth systematic
I've got it and handle this I mean everything is systematic that's except love who's that
guy what's that guy doing what was that guy what's he doing Spencer Spencer you got the
Schrab messages well I did yeah okay let's hear these Peter Griffin this is Rob Schrab
calling you as Peter Griffin let's see if this works huh it's not gonna I can plug into
mine if you want to I bet we all can the night is very young is it making any sound I guess
I would hear it if it were yeah well that didn't give it to me I'll kind of place your mind
give it to you we can't hear it I just pump it up wait what oh okay sorry everybody let's
cut this whole episode I've been on fire no you've been on fire
Peter Griffin stewie and I wanted to remind you to watch Family Guy on Fox last time I
saw a plug that bad it was with Britney Spears can you forget now that the volume is up can
you play it from the top yeah well can we even maybe raise the volume a little bit more
all right can you pump up the volume is that hidden there we go Peter Griffin stewie and
I wanted to remind you to watch Family Guy on Fox that time I saw a plug that bad it was
with Britney Spears I want 40 of these you have another one he leaves multiple yeah there
was one other one but I they get disappeared and I didn't think to save it so it's gone
that was still satisfying I love it yeah that was pretty good where's Rob how come he doesn't
come to the show anymore he's got a wife he had a wife when he was on the show too well
that's just what he says I don't know I believe him but I don't know yeah it'd be great for
him to be here tonight yeah but remember when Norman Lear was here whew was Rob misbehaving
during Norman Lear he was great it'd be great for anybody to be here you know I'm on fire
but how much more can I burn how much God can I let through me let's see let's find
out but you you you sing you want God to pass through you but then you also told us earlier
that you are God so how does what do you think happens when God passes through you and what
was my therapy story about it's I'm saying I used to let God go through the hole now
God comes in he don't get out you're like you're like a roach motel for God yeah well
I caught God like a leprechaun and I wished for the gold of good writing but does God
want to get out he probably wants to get out he might miss his old life from time to time
but you know he he he wanted to see what it's like to be me so yeah you know I'm so like
like like what I can't I can't I can't let him out I'm not God I thought you are God
now that God's inside you yeah but he's trapped I'm saying I can't it gives nothing I can
do about it yeah you're God you just don't want God to get up and he's not gonna be God
anymore and then you're gonna go shit I should have kept God in there and you know that God's
not coming back in you when you let him out you're like that fucker kept me in there for
like four weeks you're making me sound like the devil now as if but you're making it sound
like I really tricked God because I was really the devil and now I trapped him and now I
have all God's power and I'm actually the devil here on earth right to woo people with
my liberal virtue signaling into an anti-Christ movement that appears on its face to be a
holy cult that's how I get you and then you have the number Harmon on your head and then
it's like doomsday and it turns out Trump was Christ think about it like would you would
you if you were the anti-Christ would you come back as a person who looked exactly like
the anti-Christ and acted like him as it's Jesus has come back in the form of Donald
Trump and because he's again he he's we're literally going to crucify him but you need
a reason I don't know it's a working theory I I had another theory that he's what he's
it's we're in a state we're in his dream because he's just like he's the only he's like we're
all just like we just took us this long to start realizing like because he's about to
die and his dream will of old age and and and like his dreams going to be over good
safe good safe and so and so it's like it's kind of like the end the the whole end of
everything like where it's like coalescing like like we walked around thinking we're
a part of this like regular world but we didn't know we were just like in the we're in a
Jacob's ladder scenario yeah I guess so but we're all Macaulay Culkin oh yeah we're back
to home alone we're back on home alone again what's going on he's in Jacob's ladder okay
I don't want to spoil Jacob's ladder but Macaulay Culkin's in it sounds like a joke but he is
if I tell you who he is it's kind of a spoiler because he's Tim Robin's dead son that sounds
a lot like a spoiler yeah it sounds a lot like it yeah where is our Macaulay Culkin
is he doing all right I don't I think he I think he would say yes but I think like objective
reports are that he seems like he he's not well right that he's if you see him out that
he's you know he could use a hug and maybe like some broccoli but you know who hangs
out with him Seth Green oh yeah we could have Seth on and we could ask him how's Macaulay
doing we could have Macaulay on probably bring us some broccoli hug the shit out of him
but when Macaulay comes we're gonna put boards with nails under all the windows fucking get
that guy you guys saw the theory online that Macaulay Culkin's character in home alone
grows up to become jigsaw it's pretty well thought out the time works where it works
really well that he like gets a taste for human trapping and wait the timeline works
pretty well I think so in that home alone happened before saw movies I can tell from
the tone of your voice that you're about to prove me wrong so no I just think that's
very sound if you're saying that home before you're sarcastically high-fiving me I don't
you know I'm not gonna comment on your commenting because it might be right or it might be wrong
but you're saying of course the timing works one movie is set well yeah well one kid and
then presumably jigsaw is older so yeah that works out perfectly how would it not how would
that not work stay down Dan stay down because you clearly haven't seen the soft franchise
they fuck with the unlinear storytelling a lot there's a lot of flashbacks to like he
works in a soup kitchen in the 80s or something so maybe it doesn't work so there oh okay but
then there's that flash forward in home alone three where he's working at that soup kitchen
what is that what does that talk boy say what's the filthy kids oh hey kids we're home early
that's the only one I remember someone says that it's in the I think it's one of the one
of the bandits says that no the talk boy right the talk boy says hey kids we're home early
in the commercial he goes hey kids we're home early and then he pitches it down and it goes
hey kids we're home early and then the boyfriend he gets uncomfortable because he was getting
a little close you know oh so in the commercial parents were coming home little kid using
it to freak out yeah teenage yeah sounds like the slut shamed sister yeah it is well it's
not her fault it's his fault it's 9-11 9-11 really wow remember that video we saw you
know it's hot in Burbank but only a part of the audience cheers for 9-11 I hope it's hotter
up here than it is down there but probably not you guys Diana I'm under lights but you
guys are it's not great it's mostly so still roaches kind of like on top of each other
do you know wrote you know roaches love the they there is some word for it they love they're
more comfortable when they're on top of each other that's nice they're like kind of like
when you see a lone roach you're seeing a roach that is like stressed out that feels the way
you feel when you see a roach it's like it's like it's like a woody Allen roach that's
like I shouldn't be doing what I'm doing that was a terrible your roaches an older Jewish
man from New York well isn't he an answer something yeah but who can't do a woody Allen impression
I guess me it's pretty interesting to find out try again try again wait hold on let's
go to a break and on the break we cut out your attempt all right well let's go to a break
though a word from one of our sponsors that you don't have to listen to if you paid $5
a month right and I'm going to show you some special things and if you didn't pay $5 you
can fast forward like everybody else no wait what was your impression though the pressure
was going to be special yeah well let's not deal with it okay Dan what are you doing Dan's
going to his iPad we really are taking a break well the thing is this isn't actually going
to get down to the point is not to take a break from the paying people that came here
to the show these people are actually still human beings that are sweating in front of
us I can't figure out how to do a mid-roll break that was pretty good that was good
now do a roach but as Walter Matthew I gotta eat this dried puddle of milk so this is obviously
this is the photo app Commander-in-Chief but yeah this photo app I got affinity photo this
is an unpaid endorsement greatest photo editing app for the iPad but I was doing this thing
where I spent a long time look at this like I made like yeah isn't that creepy it's almost
as creepy as this I think this might be a new hobby or fetish of my like erasing people's
faces and just like like and like trying to nail the like like what their head would look
like if the if the skin was just if they were just a skin head he looks like a like a thumb
with a fungal thing going on oh no I didn't I didn't like finish you know I was just doing
this backstage and whatever I'm not gonna do it in front of you guys I don't want you
to know this process but I don't know maybe this could be an app you know oh there's a
square swapping oh yeah like face that's a good that's a good title I like that could
make millions it's face swapping the app that lets you swap your face on a square with the
president there has to be a square is it always a square well I just made it a square I don't
know I'm just trying to have fun you know just trying to have fun I don't I'm not making
dank memes and I'm not trying to offend you if I like I really I really I really I really
resent that I said I like the idea that I'm like I'm like like what like what do you think
like this makes me so mad because these little little urchins these little fucking monster
boys like they're they're like oh we we we we make dank memes and that's how we hacked
the presidency oh what are you trying to do because I like put Trump's head on a naked
lady it was like is that supposed to like hurt us no I don't think about you hate you
like I'm putting the fucking like president's head on a naked lady because I'm cool you
had a you had a porn hub alert pop up I got okay yeah power down we're back so so so
I accidentally found because I'm into like pantyhose and tights and things and I I stumbled
into this this this with this new branch of porn and sometimes I think it's driven by
effect if you're like writing in a deadline I found that Cody has found this too because
she was like she's writing it off she's in self-imposed like retreat right now writing
and she she was like damn five hour energies and I was like wait did you combine it with
Adderall because five hour energy plus Adderall is like new porn folder like you're gonna
make some discoveries you're gonna you're gonna you're gonna you're gonna you're gonna
you're gonna you're gonna boldly go some like I don't I said I I said you know I already
have like this leg and leg and hosiery kind of like thing and I I I ended up there's this
whole like it's it's strap-on the it's lesbian strap-on porn like it's like starts with like
two women in pantyhose and then one of one of them puts a but it's not it's strapless
strap-on because there's a little thing there's a little dildo part that goes into the vagina
of the woman that's gonna do the the the fucking the endowment the investment oh and and and
but this is like and then they and then they do it like with the with the dildo but then
also a lot of them they have like a money shot because they have like a it's like a special
effect dildo and then the woman pulls out and like since I guess since they know you
know it's fake they they they can just go with a copious amounts so it's like a like
a weird art piece and it's just like slow motion wait there's there's fake semen inside
the strap the strap of the strap on try to keep up and how do they what's the trigger
system on that how do I don't know what's happened I don't know if it's like they do
this with guy you ever see like regular porn like where it's like oh wait that's a fake
come shot this like I don't know if they they do like maybe the guy has like a tube under
the dick or something and they'll like cut to a different angle and then the guy'll
be like oh and then like all this like cake batter will just fly out it's just like well
that doesn't really I mean you're you jump the shark here like it doesn't really you
should if you just did that but choked up on the bat like I don't know but I don't know
it's interesting like when there's like women like like like beautiful women in there in
there and then there it's high def and then there I don't know I got like eight or nine
videos now that are like wow I feel so cosmopolitan I'm kind of into like lesbian strap on action
yeah with a with a with a crazy rick baker special effect come shot that is so cosmopolitan
of you I love that I feel like I should I should I should I should drink a mojito and
listen to NPR and we're bad for public radio I am so is there is there a what's the what's
the handle for that I felt I find it ironic that I felt just a little bit of judgment
from you but you're writing this down the cap is on my pen you can't wait to hear this
because you want to know I'm just curious hot to you admit it sounds okay sounds hot
yeah it had me I don't know about the Rick Hums the Rick the Rick Baker I'm watching it
on porn hub the thing in the corner I'm trying to remember it says like Rick rick Baker come
shot sure it it says I think I want to say strapless dildo dot com so there's feel feel
dough is the name of the of what those things are right field though field though I guess
because you could feel it while you're doing because as opposed to a strap on that's just
like yeah right it makes sense it's kind it's you know like hey it's progressive it sounds
like potentially everyone's a winner yeah everyone's a wiener everyone has a wiener
inside them everyone is a win everyone I'm gonna get back to you on this one it's not
about whether you wiener lose nice it's how you play the game that wasn't that good let's
bring Steve Levy up to the stage Steve Levy hey what was that he's just farted what was
that wasn't from me he's gonna blame the chair but it was he clearly farted when he came on
stage do we have playback on that I think that was from the audience sound like a chair
that was squeaking well no it didn't it sounded like a funny playful fart but I can use honestly
I thought it was you what's the weirdest porn you've landed on lately well you're tweaking
out on legal meth legal meth yeah at all I don't take that at all I know we'll just
roll with this I don't I have you ever done any drug any legal substance no thanks you
want to try something what do you got okay do you drink at all Steve Levy I don't I've
never had a drink in my life what's really yeah I thought you knew that I don't I guess
that in my life like you're like super yeah but also Steve's one of those people that
thinks butt chugging doesn't count I've never but in college in college I have friends who
always threatened to get me basted which is where they they take vodka in a turkey baster
and you shove it up your ass and squeeze it out wow and get drunk really fast apparently
yeah also you find out who your friends aren't or are they also make one where the turkey
baster goes inside your your your butts and then you put it in somebody else's butt it's
called I always heard you said that's called feel stir I heard I always heard that that's
called a slow thanksgiving it's like it's like slow news day slow thanksgiving
conversation sort of hit a low with that vodka that's a thing that's fucking wow yeah basting
is that what you're well again as a thing I'm welling that I wonder who's doing that
like oh the idea it's youth because they're saying like whoa it's all about the thrill
I'm like the Chuck Jagger of getting drunk you also don't need that much and it gets
it gets your drunk yeah I mean so oh you don't need that much like I'm sure the college kids
doing this aren't our support system I think it was more a problem in high schools right
and how is it different than butt chugging it's the same I think you can you don't have
to do like a handstand I guess you can just you have the apparatus to go squeeze squeeze
it just desired amount of vodka inside you yeah and I thought it was clever getting basted
it sounds great this is amazing that I didn't have friendships like that where it was like
that like okay put this in my butt like I'm not saying I'm not trying to be home well you
have a very intimate like like like like at an age when you're most defensive and all
that stuff but then you hear stories like people's sexual development like like people
summer camp stories and things are just like different like everybody has like a weird
story from their life like there's nobody got through with what anyone would describe
as a normal sexual development like everyone has like one like thing that would make other
people go wait what wow but like and like yeah I said I but but you know what one thing
that I'd never did was like well I mean I told you guys about the humping the pillows with
my friend like but I had a friend that we're sitting this is like I think it might have
been our first year of college but we're hanging out at our friends from high school's house
and we're hanging out and I won't say his name but a good friend of mine to this day
who's a very interesting sexually active at a very young age guy like having sex with
like married women when he was like in high school and stuff like that and we're sitting
around just drinking and my friend's living room and this the guy whose house it was
his father was like a sheriff like an LA County sheriff and we're just hanging around and
they had a Cocker Spaniel and my friend listen let's just call him Dale goes to the kitchen
takes peanut butter puts it all over his dick and calls the Cocker Spaniel over there and
the dog loved it Mick seemed to love oops Dale seemed to love it he won't care it fucking
happen he's a fucking lunatic my friend Mick all right and he fucking watched this dog like
peanut butter of his balls and he was hysterical of his balls dick balls I think the dick I
think mostly the dick and while he was laughing did he have a hard-on no it wasn't hard but
like if you knew him for five seconds you saw his dick three times he was his dick was
always out but on this occasion he was he was he was giving the dog a little treat and made
himself hysterical with laughter and we're just like we're leaving we're going somewhere
else well this reminds me of a conversation I had with Rob Schrab last weekend oh I mean
I don't know that we should put this up okay I'll just I'll describe I say we put it up
and we've cut it out if we have to cut it all right you can't cut it out it's a lie
yeah yeah yeah Dan I know I get I get a first thing that happens I get a random text from
Schrab I'll show it to Harmon it's a it's a picture it looks like oh it's a picture
it's a picture of a uncircumcised guy naked with a cheeto in his nope dick no holding
a handful of cheetos I mean we should show this to everybody no no you can't you can't
show that video you can't show the video okay it's it's copyright oh you want to show the
photo well yeah yeah yeah yeah you want to put we're showing the photo of cheeto dick
it's yeah some people call him cheeto dick and then Spencer can Spencer can describe
it for our homeless find out why this is gonna be alright so podcast paradise that's not
even cheeto cheese puffs that's a cheese puff all right so bigger than a cheeto so okay
okay so yeah yeah here's my conversation I said why and he said sorry and then I said
ha ha and then he said did you see that soccer player do a Rick and Morty reference and I
said I miss you Rob who you're doing well I said huh no I didn't he said it's fucking
insane Harmon has to know about it I can't I can't believe he hasn't said anything and
I said send me the clip all right I don't know if it's whatever fuck it he sent it to
me right yeah okay here it is the Rick and Morty soccer clip yeah okay so Spencer you
want to explain for the people it was a five dollars this one yeah there was a soccer clip
and it quickly cut to an old man or woman lying you know listeners for five dollars
a month being licked by cows you can see Rob's Rob Rick roll you into watching a man's dick
he's like a cow it was a guy laying down in the field and I mean first it was soccer
yeah for three three seconds it's a clip of a Schrab.does this thing where he he does these
clips where it's like someone's about to hit a baseball and then like because he I think
he there's me there's what what are the videos like that where it's like your sense of anticipation
as a viewer is heightened because something's about to happen like a baseball's about to
get hit or something's about to impact and then it'll cut to like a crazy porn clip like
a woman getting hit in the face with a giant dick or something and this one was a soccer
game and the guy's about to kick what will either be a goal or not a goal so now you're
invested you lean in and it cuts to as his foot impacts the ball it cuts to a man laying
in a field with multiple cows around him one cow is kissing his ear one cow is kissing
his ear no nipple play but what the main cow I'll call him is is is just look I mean it's
like he's I mean you'll see why in a second he's suckling on his penis I guess I hope
I hope he's not chewing on it I hope he thinks it's an utter not a not a field it was it's
disturbing because the cow is like going up and down and it's just it was an unfortunate
clip to receive and I didn't send it to you I didn't send the guys I got he sent it to
me and think I mean he's crazy oh okay yeah all right you got to be so relaxed to not
fidget during that he was so still like he was completely he knows that what he's been
out there hours that you have to stay still to further get the cows to come right it's
like seagull seagull hunting right yeah did I tell you guys about the time that I scared
a bunch of buffaloes no so like I was camping on Catelyn as long as you scared the whole
buffalo then you're I was camping on Catelyn Island and there is just a bunch of Buffalo
had wandered in and so I snuck into the middle of the the pile of Buffalo or whatever not
a pile it was like a group though and then I played a really loud sound on like an emergency
radio it like hadn't siren and then all the buffalo like scattered in all directions but
I didn't realize that they could have scattered in like one direction and like just ran me
over and I could have just been murdered on an island yeah you just you forced a stampede
that you could have been right in the middle yeah and I definitely would have deserved
it really dumb way to do it yeah they must have thought you looked like an alligator
right just enough he's like he's I think I'm sure I said we need to like we need to hire
like a person who's just in charge of telling a week ago like I'm sure I've said this before
and then the person can go yes he did let's go have a little alcoholic like deputy but
but I was sitting with Dino and they're talking about Buffalo is that you have you had Buffalo
meat or something like that I'm like Buffalo meat this is a dangerous species he's like
no no they're fine now I guess I was like what how do we wait we saved Buffalo and he's
like yeah yeah they're fine there's like a million of them or whatever I'm like that's
not a lot it's like don't don't get off on a tangent in the retelling of this and I won't
I won't um but I was like how did we how did we save Buffalo that fast there's all these
endangered species and he said Dino said well have you ever seen a female Buffalo and he
and he he whistled he did the I can't whistle he's like did that whistle well his hands
formed the perfect outline of a Buffalo it's like he went it was like if there was a hieroglyphic
of a Buffalo he just traced it with his hands while making that whistle it was the funniest
and then Trump got elected all right let's play some D&D before we have to get the hell
out of here all right you good to go sure Dan you good to go dank memes let's do it
all right last time on Harmontown you guys were entering we're breaking and entering
the fell household you were trying to get inside because the local prior had told you
to do so you uh the diarrhea jr. climbed in the window and subdued Tom and everyone broke
in the house and started a fire they went upstairs and there was a Bonnie fell underneath
the bed stabbing at ankles shanking at your legs but uh you overcame and doused holy water
on the demon and purged it from the body of Cliff fell the young sick child saving the
day and leaving the family in disarray you put out the fire and watched as the ghost
left the house seeming to beckon you as it did so that's where we are I give do I have
any money yeah I give them like four gold pieces for the trouble all right well mark
it mark it down yeah I need a pencil I don't I don't want to write my sheet I only got
pens I'll mark it on my notes all right fell family I'm not going to pretend we did everything
right with your with your situation we rolled in we improvised there was collateral damage
that your son's no longer ghostified and we're going to we're going to continue to try to
make this countryside safe for good people yeah okay guys did that ghost outside that
just left Cliff's body is beckoning us I said we follow that ghost we're going to follow
archers ghost I'm already following the ghost son that's true we can't hurt him so is it
archers ghost the demons dead right what did the demon get killed cuz it archers oh yeah
the demon got killed okay so we're following archers ghost the dead son right right okay
cool daughter it's a daughter sorry archers daughter yes oh I missed I'm sorry I mean
it's not a big deal this to archer you're right it's not a big deal Tom fell good on
you Tom tells unconscious all right so well and yet woke so we run downstairs so I run
downstairs and go off in pursuit of the ghost yep all right it's it seems to be going a
bit north towards the edge of town the location of the graveyard even though I don't need
it because we're following a ghost I use no direction so I can discern north oh it's that
way all right I just wanted to use that level zero spell yes good well we're walking notes
diarrhea how do you think that went down what would we do right would be how can we avoid
I wasn't you know I got caught up in the moment and I wasn't really paying attention to what
you guys are doing I would be woodpeckers or I'm really ashamed of myself and I let fear
take over I should just talk to that woman before acting so violently you know it wasn't
very churchly of me well we're a different kind of church we're part of the church militants
we're out here to kick button you know and diarrhea I think I don't I think that it's
great this is what this is what it's all about it's about penitents after the fact like it's
not whether you make mistakes about how you repair so good job like I'll tell you what
I did wrong everything like I ran my mouth I I thought I ran upstairs when I shouldn't
know if I like went in there you know it's just like I got a hang back and I got a slow
my role I haven't been out of the place that I was before the adventure started in a while
during this I'm taking some cloth and bandaging up my sliced ankles and I also use some cloth
to bandage bandage DJ up to all right then you succeeded that but it's never too late
to start fresh that's what I wanted to say I say we start like let's say we got off to
a bouncy start but now mistakes were made lessons were learned let's be professional about this
let's look under every bed and every room we go into from now on and let's also you
know let's let's let's when we encounter other people let's not assume that they're monsters
and that they're hiding something that's I'm talking to myself I think that the silver
flame is shining on us in a world where a bouncy mission can result in a child being
freed of an evil spirit that was beautiful there were no deaths on that beautiful did
the ghost just leave or we are we still following him okay we're walking talk yeah that was
a walk and talk how close are we to the graveyard oh man you're there oh all right the graveyards
on the edge of this little this this forest the forest stands thick isn't and imposing
it looms over the buildings of the tiny town kind of like like like an ominous horizon
of clouds there's air coming from the forest it feels a bit more fresh than like the stale
town air but you make your way to the graveyard it's a little rickety graveyard for a small
little town but there's a lot of graves in it more than you'd expect for a town of this
size which is about 10 people conservatively it's a little graveyard just full of graves
you see some graves yeah I examine the dates of the deceased oh there's no dates that says
if someone didn't read them down I have no idea when these people died maybe they didn't
want us to know what do you think we could tell just from looking at the freshness of
the graves like what's the ratio of fresh graves to old graves you see you see there's
maybe about three graves that seem pretty fresh like like less than a month fresh where
did the ghost go the ghost it went over to the to the thing and it kind of went like
above the graveyard and it kind of faded out and went so it didn't go to any specific
grave not at the moment do you think it was mad at us that sound do you think that's the
sound of it leaving or do you think it was like I think I think you're projecting I
think I think ghosts make weird scary sounds that's that's that's what ghosts do I think
you know you're being needlessly you know oh at the same time Don is starting to break
you've been up all night I go over and read the names on the graves of the freshest ones
all right the freshest ones the freshest ones are are are okay Ving Reims Blazen Bazin and
Archer fell those are the three graves that seem freshest guys we need to focus on this
Ving Reims character who who's a second one he died by the way like within a month well
I don't know who's the second name after Ving Reims before Archer Blazen Bazin he was related
to Jerry Lewis I think I thought like Jeff Leppard write songs about him okay I think
we might want to examine the grave of Archer and maybe see how he died sure do some forensic
study should I take my shovel out and dig well let's oh yeah you have a shovel sorry
well let's let's before we do that because I mean we're I feel like we're we're in the
black with the family you know like yeah let's just read the headstone it's a regular headstone
yeah it says Archer fell that's all it's regular yeah all right dig it up dig it up look I
just want to I want to do right by you guys you know I sometimes I might suggest a stupid
thing you just got to tell me right I'm gonna dig up this grave though I take out my foldable
shovel fold it out start digging all right okay yeah wait yeah great you dig a hole in
the ground you dig and you dig and you find you find the coffin the wooden cheap coffin
the coffin of a peasant it has it has what do you call it like you see slightly curved
scuff marks divots on it like like things have been hitting the outside of the coffin
recently do you see those mark I mean is that normal marks for when you put the describe
the marks again sorry they seem like shovel marks I compare the shovel head of diarrhea
junior shoveled it matches up perfect no no it's just it's just it's a different shovel
it's a more a more worksman shovel Steve's shovel is like a little trenching shovel it's
kind of like a little compact I'm sure yeah but it lets him achieve great speeds yeah I'm
sure you use it very well yeah the the but that's important to me this is a we're we
just exhumed a we're re-exhuming a grave yeah that's data I it's it's not open though right
the well it's your it's mostly still covered you're just seeing like I'll take some work
if you want to get the coffin out of the ground we all I start helping dig around and get
the coffin all right well what's your goal do you want to get the coffin out of the ground
or just into an openable state or what are you trying to do openable state okay all right
you do that you get the live lit off and you notice that most of the nails are gone and
inside you just see the corpse of a dog it's like a rotting dog what this is fucked up
I call out to the to archer if Archer's spirit is still present are you here you get no
response all right oh at this point it's like say about eight in the morning it's past dawn
because it takes a while to dig up a great guys it takes a community to what no that's
just because that's over it takes a Rick and a Morty for six seasons we have it it takes
it I I'm going to cut to the end what I'm going to say it's it's morning I think we
should we should cover this back up as quickly as possible and because we're the rest of
our mission is going to have to do with finding facts from people that might not be willing
to talk to us right okay I just examine the dog and rest of the coffin to see if there's
anything interesting on the like like like a collar identifying it or anything like that
no nothing on the dog or anything nothing nothing else in the coffin besides the corpse
of the dog no there's nothing like remaining it just seems kind of like it was disturbed
a little bit yeah so they took this body out for some nefarious magic and left a dog in
its place how old I mean how long do you think this dog has been buried here the dog seems
like it's been rotting for a while like it seems mostly decayed like it was decaying
before they tossed it in there's another scenario that involves two exhumations the second being
ours is that the dog was put in the coffin for weight it's part of a fake funeral the
boy was never in it and then girl the girl I don't see gender the the and that either
the family or maybe the other family that was burnt to death or who knows like got suspicious
dug it up found out the truth paid for it with their life I mean there's that scenario
too should we dig up being rams or should we just I think I think you're right you want
to go ahead into town this morning yeah well let's let's put the diarrhea rebury this coffin
okay we probably all chip in you know many hands make a quick one I don't have any moved
dirt spells that's okay why don't you cast use hands I start burying the dog again I
help all right all right yeah I cast detect high road I'm I help to it's an opportunity
to I believe that a strenuous labor is a punishment that will make me a purer you believe that
all right you do the thing it's buried it's it looks pretty fresh but what are you going
to do right I think I'm gonna make it look a little fresher maybe put some pitchforks
on the I just need to die was that the pitchforks a straight reference yeah the idea of freshness
as urban culture from the 80s right that's that's that's a pretty deep cut yeah all right
let's head let's head into town and start asking some questions you guys maybe a get
something to eat we haven't eaten I know and we just did a lot of calorie burning reburying
that dead dog why don't we go back get our get our wagon take it into town is that our
euphemism for eating oh that we have an actual wagon we had our wagon that we just left yeah
you hit it you hit it somewhere on the fell farm or near the fell farm before you first
went in back at the farm kind of crazy walk back get in the wagon then ride back to where
we have they're gonna find our wagon and they're gonna fuck this wagon as we're assholes they're
gonna fuck up our wagon what time fails to fuck up a wagon what why why take the body
of a dead child oh Steve we're hungry how far a walk is it into town yeah a couple minutes
you're pretty close it's a small town can I answer that question given that as a cleric
I am like with a bulk of my skills are knowledge categories one of which is knowledge of our
canna you know like do I have an answer to that question what what would you typically
do assuming necromancy possibly with a dead kid like like why would you want a dead kid
okay what are they good for what's your what's your knowledge our canna or knowledge religion
well it's just checked off I don't it would be your wisdom my well knowledge our canna it would be intelligence
that's what it says okay what's your intelligence seven necromancy boom so it's so I don't really
have knowledge of our yeah I just kind of like cliff clavin about it I've got a plus
four arcana knowledge okay well and I have a I have my intelligence I have a 16 intelligence
too so please well why don't you ask why don't you take five because I don't know what five
is I'll just I'll take a bunch what were those numbers again Jeff 16 intelligence in a plus
four knowledge our canna okay all right Dan you realize that necromancy is a branch of magic
involving death Jeff you realize that the flesh of the living especially of innocence can be used
as a powerful magical reagent the what of the other youthful what just the flesh okay oh only the
flesh yeah I mean Dan I mean Carlos you did real good there by the way but make up job but
sometimes they use the flesh of the of children it's a very powerful magical agent so they might
be using that for some of their spells that's brutal who it's enough to make a kid haunt the
world wonder what they're trying to reanimate reanimate is no you said you said reagent
read reagent means like magical catalyst got it or something look I'm I'm only a 12 intelligence so smarter than me alright
let's walk into town boys let's get breakfast what is we is hungry for well certainly not dog
all right the town is not like it's not like a big town it's like it's literally like six
or seven buildings you see a building that looks kind of like a half dome like made out of clay
you see a couple buildings that just look like little small wooden buildings one of them has two
stories the other end has one story you see like the one-story building has a little garden
outside of it and then there's just two more regular looking homes and then another farmhouse
other than Tom's and then there's the church so and then there's a big concrete building with a
giant fiberglass hot dog on top yeah so there's no signage that would indicate like inns taverns
hotels bistros boutiques je n'ai c'est quoi c'est mad it could wait for a half hour to say that
there's not a lot of signs but as you enter you kind of walk towards the center of town which is
like a little hill you see the old one of the only signs you've seen so far which is a sign that
just says dairy hill and there's like a tree on the top of the hill and you see a woman kind of
just standing around just looking around and then she sits on the ground except then she sees you
so she stands back up okay maybe she has some cheese dairy oh it's spelled D e r r y oh all right
well let's maybe she probably knows good spots for breakfast we should go up there to dairy hill
yeah you who I don't say you who oh yeah Carlos you're kind of the mouthpiece why don't you
go make her her acquaintance all right young woman hey hey you're you're new here right who are you
you look churchly hmm I'm Carlos the unimaginative and the inarticulate I I'm from the church in
the silver flame yes I'm new here you have me at an advantage hmm I'm Rhonda you're right right
Rhonda Rhonda of the watch what do you keep watch over the town someone's got to do it what do you
watch for trouble seen any well lately no just recently there's been a lot of livestock's being
mutilated and murdered like three or four cows by now it's been ramping up it's pretty it's a lot
you know you lose a cow that's almost you know you're whole lively we passed a couple cows and
an old guy out in the field recently those those cows seem to be doing all right yeah
uh any any dogs missing
uh not that I can think of but I don't really keep track there's just you know wild dogs
sometimes coming in out of town they're sure they're real trouble so you're not a watchdog
no I do watch your dogs you do watchdogs I thought you never mind I am I go back to where I was
standing before I walked up and said that so livestock gone missing huh we'll be mutilated
we we found it oh can you take me to some of them oh yeah she takes you to tom fells farm oh shit oh
scene of the crime they're not going to give us any food here I just you know I I thought
I would have stopped her halfway through this journey but here we are just kind of like
lost in thought and you don't have to we don't you could stop we don't have to go all the way
are you taking us to tom fells farm all right yeah I was I say we were doing that right before we
leave uh so is the bulk of the uh strangeness happening at tom fells farm well I'd say maybe
half of the cows that are killed were his but that's because we basically have two farmers
hmm so who's the other farmer uh donovan manneal where does he live over there
do they have a business rivalry uh yeah I guess I didn't I didn't really thought about it to be
honest but they must I mean they can't be price fixing that would be a violation of antitrust
legislation they're supposed to compete with each other unlike airlines who who makes a better
breakfast burrito because Carlos he loves those breakfast burritos hmm um well we don't really
do food service here like I got some cheese you want some cheese we'll eat that while you
take us to Darren McLaren's farm donovan who he means donovan manneal manneal of course
yeah you wrote down that strap on site too
all right uh the manneal house is is pretty pretty close it's right there you're right there
I think we've given we've given the fell family enough business for one 24 hour period let's
let's go to Donovan's house Donovan answers the door he seems to be in a weird mood he's like
what do you guys want I'm busy here to help with your cattle problem oh it's not my problem
that's just the life of a farmer my man word around town is your cattle problems are
are nothing normal at all well normal normal is what you make of it in a world with ghosts
and demons and monsters and stuff like cattle mutilations are shitty but it's just part of
being a farmer I mean I lost a couple cattle here or there but you don't see me making a big stink
of it not like Tom fell bitching and moaning like his kid getting sick some big deal kids get sick
my kid got sick it just happened I didn't go bitching around he got better it's fine
did the ghosts and demons mutilate your cows what no probably not I mean well let's just say no
I mean I guess it's time to sense motive
um you sense that he doesn't like Tom
I I try my sense motive on him as well what's your uh perception perception which is wisdom
not wisdom not perception sorry 19 is my wisdom all right all right you sense that he's mad at Tom
like he doesn't like him or something you do it too I just want everyone to gather around him but
I don't I don't have Steve do you I don't have I don't have sense motive but I'll stare at him
okay wait are you gonna try to sense his motive though you could do it without it being a class
skill yeah yeah you're just not as good I sense motive all right um he seems hungry
uh I I offer him some I offer him some snacks
okay wait
we just been digging up and reburying a dog for six hours you've been holding out snacks
you're here offered to this asshole
and he's giving him to him because he misperceived him as hungry
there I mean what kind of snacks do you have
hey I get in front between them and say you'll get snacks when we start getting some information
Jack yeah I want to see a mutilated cow or you don't see a cheese stick
I don't have any mine are all butchered you know I got the meat it's fine meat so you're
you have no complaints other than the fact that you live in a crazy time in place with
ghostel ghosty activities and stuff I got complaints but you don't see me complaining about him
I go around and do a do it like a slow finger dust check
oh man there's a lot of dust yeah I give him kind of a jaundice die about the about the amount of dust
he he returns the jaundice die
sir do you mind if I come inside your home oh uh it's a bit it's a bit dirty but yeah come on in
I examine the house look under furniture for knife ladies
you see no knife ladies I I take out my magnifying glass and just start looking around through it
like Sherlock Holmes hey uh Manille's like what are you what are you doing man what are you trying
to pull right now I thought you just wanted to get into my house tell you the truth sir
we've come to this town and nobody really wants to tell us much of anything all anybody knows is
that everything's gone uh pear-shaped yeah hey Donovan uh by the way uh it's too bad about your dog
what are you talking about
shot in the dark well I gotta commend you that seemed very brave did did did your dog
die recently or no there's wild dogs that come in and out but I don't care too much about all
right I go back to dust I'll lay my cards on the table I'm not a politician the church is run by
those fucks and it's and it's 10 o 1 p.m. oh our time oh well yeah okay well I'll make my question
hilarious that's 845 in game uh
all I want to say is we come to this town we're getting the run around right and what you are
is someone who's going to do one of two things be like everyone else or be the person that's
different if you're the person that's different we can start to unravel this whole thing we can get
justice for your family we could be a hero justice for my family just for one day my family's great
did I say justice for your family I think I just meant like justice in the sense of like
what would it be would it make you feel better if we told you we destroyed Tomfell's house and we
punched his kid in the face he he takes he takes the snacks from you and is like you know what
diarrhea you're all right thank you for coming gang Steve Levy
Spencer Crittenden and I'm Jeff Davis thanks to Chris Sarah church Zach everybody back there
doing everything Kevin day I'm Jeff Davis your mayor the Dan Harmon everybody thank you so much
for coming to sweating it out with us dry fast take chances see you next time
oh
did you get any of that it's a good a show